Main Characters-----------------------------------------------		Age
1 Orion Geschutz	North-Central Europe United Nations 		27
2 Sierra Plyanzvonk	Civillian (Krassia)				19
3 Guy Nguyen		Eastern Asia Alliance				25
4 Robert Main		Philipino Rupublic 				24
5 Alison Marks		Canadian Legion  				22
6 Sukmant Clafghan	Middle Eastern Emerates				30
7 Xhang Zhin		Chinese Democratic Union			37
8 Manbuan Plozty	United African Brotherhood			18
9 Lightern Lopitz	Brazilian Overule				26
10 Jadgfort Lipsonlyz	Southern Europe Alliance			20
11 MicKhaeL Landern     -------------------------			51
Story---------------------------------------------------------

SYSTEMS AUTHORISED USER NAME IS BEING USE CODE NAME       N     

9THCWG SYSTEM HACKED

RUNNING CLEAR WORKS

DELETING DATA

? Shit not now, I need this to work.
Guess Ill have to get what I can then huh?
   
In 20 2 America, C    and   ssia are thrown into all out war against eachother.
Due to the massive amounts      nology improvement the War was 
quick and Brutal. The countries whiped eachother in a matter of  
Mi    and c   micals plagued their areas. Realizing that all the equipment 
    l sat there from the  $&sd#^      attacks made countries unite to prevent War 
on that scale ever again. So the 9th CyberWa  ()0essajk    hutz Kuro Neto. This task force
was called that to through off the enemies prespective of how many there 
actually was. These braves souls wat   he internet traffic searching for 
all of those  01@#01de001     aped and m     ve the old    pment with them. 
These people ensure that no one sells, buys or re5 sd ns to retrieve any of the 
    Weapons of the War. All members are outfited with meta       letons and 
enhaced computer fused brai       ow them to act as mobile super computers
abl       cess more than 1s and 0s. They are skilled operatives who can handle any weapon you give them
and they are ready to die to protect the wor    1::[}as     the old superpowers back to life.
And g      nity another leaf. The one weakness how ever is  $50*)(+:{ DATA ENCRYPTED
thats ALL it takes 

SYSTEM HACK LEACKED INFO FOUND ABOUT 9THCWG BlackNet Proj.
ALL OTHER INFO WILL HAVE TO BE RE WROTE 

SYSTEM SECURE CONTINUE ON  

? DAMN I needed that info to kill thes assholes.
guess ill have to figure it out while amoungst them what ever 
Im sure Ill figure it out

Good thing it only desiphered one initial "N" that might give it away though....

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
20min Later

1 Looks like some one Hacked in to our system

-CONSOLE-
DO YOU WANT TO RESTORE FILE

Y/N

1 Why not, its only this, its nothing big.
Well... Have to contact team 2 let them know theres a breach or a mole?
Whatever it'll all be sorted out eventually.

In 2052 America, China and Krassia are thrown into all out war against eachother.
Due to the massive amounts technology improvement the War was quick and Brutal. 
The countries whiped eachother in a matter of DAYS and chemicals plagued their areas. 
Realizing that all the equipment that sat there from the old war (A-DAYS) made countries unite to prevent War 
on that scale ever again. So the 9th CyberWarGeschutz Kuro Net. This task force was called that to through off the 
enemies prespective of how many there actually is.

? Huh thats Interesting
So theres only one, Huh?
That makes this easier

These brave souls watch the internet traffic searching for all who attempt to retrieve the A-DAYS WMDs. 
These people ensure that no one sells, buys or re5 sd ns to retrieve any of the Weapons of the War. 
All members are outfited with metalexoskeletons and enhaced computer fused brain tissue to allow them to act as mobile super computers
able to access more than 1s and 0s. They are skilled operatives who can handle any weapon you give them
and they are ready to die to protect the world as it is and return the old superpowers back to life.
The one weakness how ever is the Data Bandwith Capacity Limit(DBCL Barrier). All it takes is some one to over spam their brains and thats it. 
The computer in their head will cause an data implosion and will shut down.
This will cause a BL Brain Lapse. This makes all saftey locks and systems stop their monitors.
Soon after shut down the agent will combust with the force equvilent to a 12ton bomb.

1 Wait!?.. that wasn't there before
This may actually be a problem
Commander Haystyle we have an isue......
